# Kubo changelog v0.33

- [v0.33.0](#v0310)

## v0.33.0

- [Overview](#overview)
- [🔦 Highlights](#-highlights)
  - [Bitswap improvements from Boxo](#bitswap-improvements-from-boxo)
  - [Using default `libp2p_rcmgr`  metrics](#using-default-libp2p_rcmgr--metrics)
  - [`ipfs add --to-files` no longer works with `--wrap`](#ipfs-add---to-files-no-longer-works-with---wrap)
  - [📦️ Dependency updates](#-dependency-updates)
- [📝 Changelog](#-changelog)
- [👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 Contributors](#-contributors)

### Overview

### 🔦 Highlights

#### Bitswap improvements from Boxo

This release includes some refactorings and improvements affecting Bitswap which should improve reliability. One of the changes affects blocks providing. Previously, the bitswap layer took care itself of announcing new blocks -added or received- with the configured provider (i.e. DHT). This bypassed the "Reprovider", that is, the system that manages precisely "providing" the blocks stored by Kubo. The Reprovider knows how to take advantage of the [AcceleratedDHTClient](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/blob/master/docs/config.md#routingaccelerateddhtclient), is able to handle priorities, logs statistics and is able to resume on daemon reboot where it left off. From now on, Bitswap will not be doing any providing on-the-side and all announcements are managed by the reprovider. In some cases, when the reproviding queue is full with other elements, this may cause additional delays, but more likely this will result in improved block-providing behaviour overall.

#### Using default `libp2p_rcmgr`  metrics

Bespoke rcmgr metrics [were removed](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/pull/9947), Kubo now exposes only the default `libp2p_rcmgr` metrics from go-libp2p.
This makes it easier to compare Kubo with custom implementations based on go-libp2p.
If you depended on removed ones, please fill an issue to add them to the upstream [go-libp2p](https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p).

#### `ipfs add --to-files` no longer works with `--wrap`

Onboarding files and directories with `ipfs add --to-files` now requires non-empty names. due to this, The `--to-files` and `--wrap` options are now mutually exclusive ([#10612](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/issues/10612)).

#### New datastore options for faster writes: `WriteThrough`, `BlockKeyCacheSize`

Now that Kubo supports [`pebble`](../datastores.md#pebbleds) as a datastore backend, it becomes very useful to expose some additional configuration options for how the blockservice/blockstore/datastore combo behaves.

Usually, LSM-tree based datastore like Pebble or Badger have very fast write performance (blocks are streamed to disk) while incurring in read-amplification penalties (blocks need to be looked up in the index to know where they are on disk). Prior to this version, `BlockService` and `Blockstore` implementations performed a `Has(cid)` for every block that was going to be written, skipping the writes altogether if the block was already present in the datastore.

The performance impact of this `Has()` call can vary. The `Datastore` implementation might include block-caching and things like bloom-filters to speed up lookups and mitigate read-penalties. Our `Blockstore` implementation also includes a bloom-filter (controlled by `BloomFilterSize`, and disabled by default), and a two-queue cache for keys and block sizes. If we assume that most of the blocks added to Kubo are new blocks, not already present in the datastore, or that the datastore itself includes mechanisms to optimize writes and avoid writing the same data twice, the calls to `Has()` at both BlockService and Blockstore layers seem superflous and we have seen it harm performance when importing large amounts of data.

For these reasons, from now on, the default is to use "write through" implementation of Blockservice/Blockstore. We have added a new option `Datastore.WriteThrough`, which defaults to `true`. Previous behaviour can be obtained by switching it to `false`.

We have additionally made the size of the two-queue blockstore cache with another option: `Datastore.BlockKeyCacheSize` which defaults to `65536` (64KiB). This option does not appear on the configuration by default, but it can be set manually and also allows to disable this caching layer by setting it to `0`.

This option controls the size of a blockstore caching layer that records whether the blockstore has certain block and their sizes (not the contents). This was previously an internal option. It is set by default to 64KiB.
This caching layer can be disabled by setting it to `0`. This option is similar to the existing `BloomFilterSize`, which creates another bloom-filter-based wrapper on the blockstore.

As a reminder, details from all the options are explained in the [configuration documentation](../config.md).

We recommend users trying Pebble as a datastore backend to disable both blockstore bloom-filter and key caching layers and enable write through as a way to evaluate the raw performance of the underlying datastore, which includes its own bloom-filter and caching layers (default cache size is `8MiB` and can be configured in the [options](../datastores.md#pebbleds).


#### 📦️ Dependency updates

- update `boxo` to [v0.25.0](https://github.com/ipfs/boxo/releases/tag/v0.25.0)
- update `go-libp2p` to [v0.37.1](https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/releases/tag/v0.37.1) + [v0.37.2](https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/releases/tag/v0.37.2)
- update `p2p-forge/client` to [v0.1.0](https://github.com/ipshipyard/p2p-forge/releases/tag/v0.1.0)
- update `ipfs-webui` to [v4.4.1](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-webui/releases/tag/v4.4.1)

### 📝 Changelog

### 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 Contributors
