# Kubo changelog v0.30

- [v0.30.0](#v0300)

## v0.30.0

- [Overview](#overview)
- [🔦 Highlights](#-highlights)
  - [WebRTC-Direct Transport enabled by default](#webrtc-direct-transport-enabled-by-default)
  - [AutoNAT V2 Service Introduced Alongside V1](#autonat-v2-service-introduced-alongside-v1)
  - [Automated `ipfs version check`](#automated-ipfs-version-check)
  - [Version Suffix Configuration](#version-suffix-configuration)
  - [UnixFS 1.5: Mode and Modification Time Support](#unixfs-15-mode-and-modification-time-support)
- [📝 Changelog](#-changelog)
- [👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 Contributors](#-contributors)

### Overview

### 🔦 Highlights

#### WebRTC-Direct Transport enabled by default

Kubo now ships with `/udp/4001/webrtc-direct` listener enabled by default.

WebRTC Direct complements existing `/wss` (Secure WebSockets) and `/webtransport` transports. Unlike `/wss`, which requires a domain name and a CA-issued TLS certificate, WebRTC Direct works with IPs and can be enabled by default on all Kubo nodes.

Learn more: [`Swarm.Transports.Network.WebRTCDirect`](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/blob/master/docs/config.md#swarmtransportsnetworkwebrtcdirect)

> [!NOTE]
> Kubo 0.30 includes a migration for existing users that adds `/webrtc-direct` listener on the same UDP port as `/udp/{port}/quic-v1`. This supports the WebRTC-Direct rollout by reusing preexisting UDP firewall settings and port mappings created for QUIC.

#### AutoNAT V2 Service Introduced Alongside V1

The AutoNAT service enables nodes to determine their public reachability on the internet. AutoNAT V2 enhances this protocol with improved features. In this release, Kubo will offer both V1 and V2 services to other peers, although it will continue to use only V1 when acting as a client. Future releases will phase out V1, transitioning clients to utilize V2 exclusively.

For more details, see the [Deployment Plan for AutoNAT V2](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/issues/10091) and [`AutoNAT`](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/blob/master/docs/config.md#autonat) configuration options.

#### Automated `ipfs version check`

Kubo now performs privacy-preserving version checks using the [libp2p identify protocol](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/blob/master/identify/README.md) on peers detected by the Amino DHT client.
If more than 5% of Kubo peers seen by your node are running a newer version, you will receive a log message notification.

- For manual checks, refer to `ipfs version check --help` for details.
- To disable automated checks, set [`Version.SwarmCheckEnabled`](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/blob/master/docs/config.md#versionswarmcheckenabled) to `false`.

#### Version Suffix Configuration

Defining the optional agent version suffix is now simpler. The [`Version.AgentSuffix`](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/blob/master/docs/config.md#agentsuffix) value from the Kubo config takes precedence over any value provided via `ipfs daemon --agent-version-suffix` (which is still supported).

> [!NOTE]
> Setting a custom version suffix helps with ecosystem analysis, such as Amino DHT reports published at https://stats.ipfs.network

#### UnixFS 1.5: Mode and Modification Time Support

Kubo now allows users to opt-in to store mode and modification time for files, directories, and symbolic links.
By default, if you do not opt-in, the old behavior remains unchanged, and the same CIDs will be generated as before.

The `ipfs add` CLI options `--preserve-mode` and `--preserve-mtime` can be used to store the original mode and last modified time of the file being added, and `ipfs files stat /ipfs/CID` can be used for inspecting these optional attributes:

```console
$ touch ./file
$ chmod 654 ./file
$ ipfs add --preserve-mode --preserve-mtime -Q ./file
QmczQr4XS1rRnWVopyg5Chr9EQ7JKpbhgnrjpb5kTQ1DKQ

$ ipfs files stat /ipfs/QmczQr4XS1rRnWVopyg5Chr9EQ7JKpbhgnrjpb5kTQ1DKQ
QmczQr4XS1rRnWVopyg5Chr9EQ7JKpbhgnrjpb5kTQ1DKQ
Size: 0
CumulativeSize: 22
ChildBlocks: 0
Type: file
Mode: -rw-r-xr-- (0654)
Mtime: 13 Aug 2024, 21:15:31 UTC
```

The CLI and HTTP RPC options `--mode`, `--mtime` and `--mtime-nsecs` can be used to set them to arbitrary values.

Opt-in support for `mode` and `mtime` was also added to MFS (`ipfs files --help`). For more information see `--help` text of `ipfs files touch|stat|chmod` commands.

### 📝 Changelog

### 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 Contributors
